Update faq.md (#411)
tdwg/camtrap-dp: pages/faq.md

For more details, see [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/tdwg/camtrap-dp/issues/358).

{:id="merge"}
## How to merge data packages describing different projects?

By design, a single Camtrap DP data package describes a single project. However, there are some use cases (for example, a meta-analysis) where merging multiple data packages could be beneficial.

> We provide an [R package](https://inbo.github.io/camtrapdp/) to read and manipulate Camtrap DP. The R package includes the [merge function](https://inbo.github.io/camtrapdp/reference/merge_camtrapdp.html) that lets you combines two data packages into a single, publishable, and valid Camtrap DP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide an [R package](https://inbo.github.io/camtrapdp/) to read and manipulate Camtrap DP. The R package includes the [merge function](https://inbo.github.io/camtrapdp/reference/merge_camtrapdp.html) that lets you combine two data packages into a single valid Camtrap DP.
```
